#Cricket
https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ipl/
https://www.reddit.com/r/csk/
https://www.reddit.com/r/KolkataKnightRiders/
https://www.reddit.com/r/RCB/
https://www.reddit.com/r/IndianCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/RajasthanRoyals/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SunrisersHyderabad/
https://www.reddit.com/r/MumbaiIndians/
https://www.reddit.com/r/delhicapitals/
https://www.reddit.com/r/KKR_IPL/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Gujarat_Titans/
https://www.reddit.com/r/LucknowSuperGiant/
https://www.reddit.com/r/PunjabKings/
https://www.reddit.com/r/punjabkingss/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CricketAus/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EnglandCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/cricketworldcup/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SAcricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CricketMemes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/JasonHolder/
https://www.reddit.com/r/WestIndiesCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/PakCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/BangladeshCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SriLankaCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ZimbabweCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/UAECricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ScotlandCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/NepalCricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/USACricket/
https://www.reddit.com/r/BBL/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CPL/
https://www.reddit.com/r/PSL/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CricketBuddies/
https://www.reddit.com/r/WomensCricket/
#Tennis
https://www.reddit.com/r/tennis/
https://www.reddit.com/r/10s/
#TableTennis
https://www.reddit.com/r/tabletennis/
#Badminton
https://www.reddit.com/r/badminton/
https://www.reddit.com/r/BadmintonWorld/
#Olympics
https://www.reddit.com/r/indiansports/
https://www.reddit.com/r/olympics/
#Golf
https://www.reddit.com/r/golf/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GolfSwing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ProGolf/
https://www.reddit.com/r/discgolf/
#Wrestling
https://www.reddit.com/r/wrestling/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/
#Soccer
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/
# Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/sports
# Sports Analytics
https://www.reddit.com/r/sportsanalytics
# The Ocho
https://www.reddit.com/r/theocho
# NCAA
https://www.reddit.com/r/ncaa
# Olympics
https://www.reddit.com/r/olympics/
# Fitness
https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness
# Professional Wrestling
https://www.reddit.com/r/squaredcircle
# Water polo
https://www.reddit.com/r/waterpolo
# Volleyball
https://www.reddit.com/r/volleyball
# Ultimate
https://www.reddit.com/r/ultimate
# College Football
https://www.reddit.com/r/cfb
# BC Lions
https://www.reddit.com/r/BC_Lions
# Calgary Stampeders
https://www.reddit.com/r/Stampeders
# Edmonton Eskimos
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eskimos
# Hamilton Tigercats
https://www.reddit.com/r/ticats
# Montreal Alouettes
https://www.reddit.com/r/Alouettes
# Ottawa REDBLACKS
https://www.reddit.com/r/redblacks
# Saskatchewan Roughriders
https://www.reddit.com/r/riderville
# Toronto Argonauts
https://www.reddit.com/r/Argonauts
# Winnepeg Blue Bombers
https://www.reddit.com/r/WinnipegBlueBombers
# Arizona Cardinals
https://www.reddit.com/r/azcardinals
# Atlanta Falcons
https://www.reddit.com/r/falcons
# Baltimore Ravens
https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens
# Buffalo Bills
https://www.reddit.com/r/buffalobills
# Carolina Panthers
https://www.reddit.com/r/panthers
# Chicago Bears
https://www.reddit.com/r/chibears
# Cincinnati Bengals
https://www.reddit.com/r/bengals
# Cleveland Browns
https://www.reddit.com/r/browns
# Dallas Cowboys
https://www.reddit.com/r/cowboys
# Denver Broncos
https://www.reddit.com/r/denverbroncos
# Detriot Lions
https://www.reddit.com/r/detroitlions
# Green Bay Packers
https://www.reddit.com/r/greenbaypackers
# Houston Texans
https://www.reddit.com/r/texans
# Indianapolis Colts
https://www.reddit.com/r/colts
# Jacksonville Jaguars
https://www.reddit.com/r/jaguars
# Kansas City Chiefs
https://www.reddit.com/r/kansascitychiefs
# Los Angeles Rams
https://www.reddit.com/r/losangelesrams
# Miami Dolphins
https://www.reddit.com/r/miamidolphins
# Minnesota Vikings
https://www.reddit.com/r/minnesotavikings
# New England Patriots
https://www.reddit.com/r/patriots
# New Orleans Saints
https://www.reddit.com/r/saints
# New York Giants
https://www.reddit.com/r/nygiants
# New York Jets
https://www.reddit.com/r/nyjets
# Oakland Raiders
https://www.reddit.com/r/oaklandraiders
# Philidelphia Eagles
https://www.reddit.com/r/eagles
# Pittsburgh Steelers
https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers
# San Diego Chargers
https://www.reddit.com/r/chargers
# San Franscico 49ers
https://www.reddit.com/r/49ers
# Seattle Seahawks
https://www.reddit.com/r/seahawks
# Tampa Bay Buccaneers
https://www.reddit.com/r/buccaneers
# Tennessee Titans
https://www.reddit.com/r/tennesseetitans
# Washington Redksins
https://www.reddit.com/r/redskins
# Baseball Circlejerk
https://www.reddit.com/r/baseballcirclejerk
# Baseball Stats
https://www.reddit.com/r/baseballstats
# Sabermetrics
https://www.reddit.com/r/sabermetrics
# Sultans of Stats
https://www.reddit.com/r/sultansofstats
# Arizona Diamondbacks
https://www.reddit.com/r/azdiamondbacks
# Atlanta Braves
https://www.reddit.com/r/Braves
# Baltimore Orioles
https://www.reddit.com/r/Orioles
# Boston Red Sox
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedSox
# Chicago Cubs
https://www.reddit.com/r/CHICubs
# Chicago White Sox
https://www.reddit.com/r/WhiteSox
# Cincinnati Reds
https://www.reddit.com/r/Reds
# Cleveland Indians
https://www.reddit.com/r/WahoosTipi
# Colorado Rockies
https://www.reddit.com/r/ColoradoRockies
# Detroit Lions
https://www.reddit.com/r/MotorCityKitties
# Houston Astros
https://www.reddit.com/r/Astros
# Kansas City Royals
https://www.reddit.com/r/KCRoyals
# Los Angeles Angels
https://www.reddit.com/r/AngelsBaseball
# Los Angeles Dodgers
https://www.reddit.com/r/Dodgers
# Mami Marlins
https://www.reddit.com/r/letsgofish
# Milwaukee Brewers
https://www.reddit.com/r/Brewers
# Minnesota Twins
https://www.reddit.com/r/MinnesotaTwins
# New York Mets
https://www.reddit.com/r/NewYorkMets
# New York Yankees
https://www.reddit.com/r/NYYankees
# Oakland Atheletics
https://www.reddit.com/r/oaklandathletics
# Philidelphia Phillies
https://www.reddit.com/r/Phillies
# Pittsburgh Pirates
https://www.reddit.com/r/Buccos
# San Diego Padres
https://www.reddit.com/r/Padres
# San Francisco Giants
https://www.reddit.com/r/SFGiants
# Seattle Mariners
https://www.reddit.com/r/Mariners
# St. Louis Cardinals
https://www.reddit.com/r/Cardinals
# Tampa Bay Rays
https://www.reddit.com/r/TampaBayRays
# Texas Rangers
https://www.reddit.com/r/TexasRangers
# Toronto Blue Jays
https://www.reddit.com/r/TorontoBlueJays
# Washington Nationals
https://www.reddit.com/r/Nationals
# Adelaide Crows
https://www.reddit.com/r/adelaidefc
# Brisbane Lions
https://www.reddit.com/r/brisbanelions
# Carlton Blues
https://www.reddit.com/r/carltonblues
# Collingwood F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/collingwoodfc
# Essendon F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/essendonfc
# Fremantle F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/fremantlefc
# Geelong Cats
https://www.reddit.com/r/geelongcats
# Gold Coast F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/gcfc
# GWS Giants
https://www.reddit.com/r/GWSGiants
# Hawthorn F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/hawktalk
# Melbourne F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/melbournefc
# North Melbourne F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/northmelbournefc
# Port Adelaide F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/weareportadelaide
# Ricmond F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/richmondfc
# St. Kilda F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/stkilda
# Sydney Swans
https://www.reddit.com/r/sydneyswans
# West Coast Eagles
https://www.reddit.com/r/westcoasteagles
# Western Bulldogs
https://www.reddit.com/r/westernbulldogs
# Atlanta Hawks
https://www.reddit.com/r/atlantahawks
# Boston Celtics
https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics
# Brooklyn Nets
https://www.reddit.com/r/gonets
# Charlotte Hornets
https://www.reddit.com/r/charlottehornets
# Chicago Bulls
https://www.reddit.com/r/chicagobulls
# Cleveland Caviliers
https://www.reddit.com/r/clevelandcavs
# Dallas Mavericks
https://www.reddit.com/r/mavericks
# Denver Nuggets
https://www.reddit.com/r/denvernuggets
# Detroit Pistons
https://www.reddit.com/r/detroitpistons
# Golden State Warriors
https://www.reddit.com/r/warriors
# Houston Rockets
https://www.reddit.com/r/rockets
# Indiana Pacers
https://www.reddit.com/r/pacers
# Los Angeles Clippers
https://www.reddit.com/r/laclippers
# Los Angeles Lakers
https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers
# Memphis Grizzlies
https://www.reddit.com/r/memphisgrizzlies
# Miami Heat
https://www.reddit.com/r/heat
# Milwaukee Bucks
https://www.reddit.com/r/mkebucks
# Minnesota Timberwolves
https://www.reddit.com/r/timberwolves
# New Orleans Pelicans
https://www.reddit.com/r/nolapelicans
# New York Knicks
https://www.reddit.com/r/nyknicks
# Oklahoma City Thunder
https://www.reddit.com/r/thunder
# Orlando Magic
https://www.reddit.com/r/orlandomagic
# Pheonix Suns
https://www.reddit.com/r/suns
# Philidelphia Sixers
https://www.reddit.com/r/sixers
# Portland Blazers
https://www.reddit.com/r/ripcity
# Sacremento Kings
https://www.reddit.com/r/kings
# San Antonio Spurs
https://www.reddit.com/r/nbaspurs
# Toronto Raptors
https://www.reddit.com/r/torontoraptors
# Utah Jazz
https://www.reddit.com/r/utahjazz
# Washington Wizards
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtonwizards
# Bangladesk Cricket
https://www.reddit.com/r/BangladeshCricket
# Cricket
https://www.reddit.com/r/cricket
# Indian Cricket
https://www.reddit.com/r/kirkit
# Indian Premier League
https://www.reddit.com/r/ipl
# Adelaide Strikers
https://www.reddit.com/r/AdelaideStrikers
# Brisbane Heat
https://www.reddit.com/r/Brisbane_Heat
# Melbourne Renegades
https://www.reddit.com/r/MelbourneRenegades
# Melbourne Stars
https://www.reddit.com/r/Melbourne_Stars
# Perth Scorchers
https://www.reddit.com/r/Perth_Scorchers
# Sydney Sixers
https://www.reddit.com/r/Sydney_Sixers
# Sydney Thunder
https://www.reddit.com/r/Sydney_Thunder
# Boxing
https://www.reddit.com/r/boxing
# Kickboxing
https://www.reddit.com/r/kickboxing
# MMA
https://www.reddit.com/r/mma
# Martial Arts
https://www.reddit.com/r/martialarts
# Wrestling
https://www.reddit.com/r/wrestling
# Judo
https://www.reddit.com/r/judo
# 1 FC Köln
https://www.reddit.com/r/effzeh
# 1 FSV Mainz 05
https://www.reddit.com/r/mainz05
# Bayer Leverkusen
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bayer04
# Borussia Dortmund
https://www.reddit.com/r/BorussiaDortmund
# Borussia Monchengladbach
https://www.reddit.com/r/fohlenelf
# Eintracht Frankfurt
https://www.reddit.com/r/eintracht
# FC Augsburg
https://www.reddit.com/r/FCAugsburg
# FC Bayern München
https://www.reddit.com/r/fcbayern
# FC Ingolstadt
https://www.reddit.com/r/DieSchanzer
# FC Schalke 04
https://www.reddit.com/r/schalke04
# Hamburger SV
https://www.reddit.com/r/hsv
# Hannover 96
https://www.reddit.com/r/hannover96
# Hertha BSC
https://www.reddit.com/r/HerthaBSC
# SV Darmstadt 98
https://www.reddit.com/r/sv98
# TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
https://www.reddit.com/r/achtzehn99
# VfB Stuttgart
https://www.reddit.com/r/VfBStuttgart
# VfL Wolfsburg
https://www.reddit.com/r/DieWolfe
# Werder Bremen
https://www.reddit.com/r/svw
# Athletic
https://www.reddit.com/r/athleticclub
# Atletico Madrid
https://www.reddit.com/r/atletico
# Barcelona
https://www.reddit.com/r/barca
# Deportivo
https://www.reddit.com/r/deportivo
# Granada C.F.
https://www.reddit.com/r/granadacf
# Osauna
https://www.reddit.com/r/osasuna
# Real Madrid
https://www.reddit.com/r/realmadrid
# Real Sociedad
https://www.reddit.com/r/sociedad
# S.D. Eibar
https://www.reddit.com/r/SDEibar
# Sevilla F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/sevillafc
# Valencia C.F.
https://www.reddit.com/r/valenciacf
# Villarreal C.F.
https://www.reddit.com/r/villarrealcf
# Chicago Fire
https://www.reddit.com/r/chicagofire
# Colorado Rapids
https://www.reddit.com/r/rapids
# Columbus Crew
https://www.reddit.com/r/themassive
# D.C. United
https://www.reddit.com/r/dcunited
# F.C. Dallas
https://www.reddit.com/r/fcdallas
# Houston Dynamo
https://www.reddit.com/r/dynamo
# Los Angeles Galaxy
https://www.reddit.com/r/lagalaxy
# Montreal Impact
https://www.reddit.com/r/montrealimpact
# New England Revelution
https://www.reddit.com/r/newenglandrevolution
# Orlando City Lions
https://www.reddit.com/r/oclions
# New York Red Bulls
https://www.reddit.com/r/rbny
# New York City F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/nycfc
# Philidelphia Union
https://www.reddit.com/r/phillyunion
# Portland Timbers
https://www.reddit.com/r/timbers
# Real Salt Lake
https://www.reddit.com/r/realsaltlake
# San Jose Earthquakes
https://www.reddit.com/r/sjearthquakes
# Seattle Sounders
https://www.reddit.com/r/soundersfc
# Sporting Kansas City
https://www.reddit.com/r/sportingkc
# Toronto F.C.
https://www.reddit.com/r/tfc
# Vancouver Whitecaps
https://www.reddit.com/r/whitecapsfc
# Arsenal
https://www.reddit.com/r/Gunners
# Aston Villa
https://www.reddit.com/r/avfc
# Bournemouth
https://www.reddit.com/r/AFCBournemouth
# Chelsea
https://www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc
# Crystal Pala
https://www.reddit.com/r/crystalpalace
# Everton
https://www.reddit.com/r/Everton
# Leicester
https://www.reddit.com/r/lcfc
# Liverpool
https://www.reddit.com/r/LiverpoolFC
# Manchester City
https://www.reddit.com/r/MCFC
# Manchester United
https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils
# Newcastle
https://www.reddit.com/r/nufc
# Norwich
https://www.reddit.com/r/NorwichCity
# Southampton
https://www.reddit.com/r/SaintsFC
# Stoke City
https://www.reddit.com/r/StokeCityFC
# Sunderland
https://www.reddit.com/r/SAFC
# Swansea
https://www.reddit.com/r/swanseacity
# Tottenham
https://www.reddit.com/r/coys
# Watford
https://www.reddit.com/r/Watford_FC
# West Brom
https://www.reddit.com/r/WBAfootball
# West Ham
https://www.reddit.com/r/Hammers
# Brandon Wheat Kings
https://www.reddit.com/r/wheatkings
# Edmonton Oil Kings
https://www.reddit.com/r/oilkings
# Halifax Mooseheads
https://www.reddit.com/r/HalifaxMooseheads
# Portland Winterhawks
https://www.reddit.com/r/winterhawks
# Seattle Thunderbirds
https://www.reddit.com/r/tbirds
# Victoria Royals
https://www.reddit.com/r/victoriaroyals
# Anaheim Ducks
https://www.reddit.com/r/anaheimducks
# Arizona Coyotes
https://www.reddit.com/r/coyotes
# Boston Bruins
https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonbruins
# Buffalo Sabres
https://www.reddit.com/r/sabres
# Calgary Flames
https://www.reddit.com/r/calgaryflames
# Carolina Hurricanes
https://www.reddit.com/r/canes
# Chicago Blackhawks
https://www.reddit.com/r/hawks
# Colorado Avalanche
https://www.reddit.com/r/coloradoavalanche
# Columbus Blue Jackets
https://www.reddit.com/r/bluejackets
# Dallas Stars
https://www.reddit.com/r/dallasstars
# Detroi Red Wings
https://www.reddit.com/r/detroitredwings
# Edmonton Oilers
https://www.reddit.com/r/edmontonoilers
# Florida Panthers
https://www.reddit.com/r/floridapanthers
# Los Angeles Kings
https://www.reddit.com/r/losangeleskings
# Minnesota Wild
https://www.reddit.com/r/wildhockey
# Montreal Canadiens
https://www.reddit.com/r/habs
# Nashville Predators
https://www.reddit.com/r/predators
# New Jersey Devils
https://www.reddit.com/r/devils
# New York Islanders
https://www.reddit.com/r/newyorkislanders
# New York Rangers
https://www.reddit.com/r/rangers
# Ottawa Senators
https://www.reddit.com/r/ottawasenators
# Philidelphia Flyers
https://www.reddit.com/r/flyers
# Pittsburgh Penguins
https://www.reddit.com/r/penguins
# San Jose Sharks
https://www.reddit.com/r/sanjosesharks
# St. Louis Blues
https://www.reddit.com/r/stlouisblues
# Tampa Bay Lightning
https://www.reddit.com/r/tampabaylightning
# Toronto Maple Leafs
https://www.reddit.com/r/leafs
# Vancouver Canucks
https://www.reddit.com/r/canucks
# Washington Capitals
https://www.reddit.com/r/caps
# Winnepeg Jets
https://www.reddit.com/r/winnipegjets
# Golf Cirle Jerk
https://www.reddit.com/r/golfcirclejerk
# Golf
https://www.reddit.com/r/golf
# Pro Golf
https://www.reddit.com/r/ProGolf
# Putt Putt Golf
https://www.reddit.com/r/golf
# ARCA Racing
https://www.reddit.com/r/ARCARacing
# Formula 1
https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1
# Formula E
https://www.reddit.com/r/FormulaE
# Indy Car
https://www.reddit.com/r/INDYCAR
# Karting
https://www.reddit.com/r/Karting
# Motor sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/motorsports
# Nascar
https://www.reddit.com/r/nascar
# Rally
https://www.reddit.com/r/rally
# V8 Supercars
https://www.reddit.com/r/V8Supercars
# World Endurance Challenge
https://www.reddit.com/r/WEC
# World of Outlaws
https://www.reddit.com/r/WorldofOutlaws
# Australian Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/australianrugby
# Brumbies
https://www.reddit.com/r/brumbies
# Canada Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/Canada
# English Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/rfu
# Highlanders
https://www.reddit.com/r/highlanders
# Irish Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/irishrugby
# New Zealand All Blacks
https://www.reddit.com/r/allblacks
# Pro Rugby (USA)
https://www.reddit.com/r/prorugby
# Rebels
https://www.reddit.com/r/VICRebels
# Rugby Circle Jerk
https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbycirclejerk
# Rugby League
https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyleague
# Rugby Union
https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyunion/
# RugbyTraining
https://www.reddit.com/r/RugbyTraining
# Sevens Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/sevens
# Super Rugby<
https://www.reddit.com/r/superrugby
# Touch Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/touchrugby
# USA Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/usarugby
# Wales Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/welshrugbyunion
# Waratahs
https://www.reddit.com/r/waratahs
# Womans Rugby
https://www.reddit.com/r/wrugby
# Tennis
https://www.reddit.com/r/tennis
# Cross Country
https://www.reddit.com/r/CrossCountry/
# Pole Vaulting
https://www.reddit.com/r/polevaulting/
# Running
https://www.reddit.com/r/running
# Track and Field
https://www.reddit.com/r/trackandfield/
# Swimming
https://www.reddit.com/r/Swimming/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CompetitiveSwimming/
# Cycling
https://www.reddit.com/r/cycling/
https://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling/
https://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/
https://www.reddit.com/r/peloton/
# Winter Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/skiing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/snowboarding/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FigureSkating/
https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/
# Combat Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/ufc/
https://www.reddit.com/r/bjj/
https://www.reddit.com/r/karate/
https://www.reddit.com/r/taekwondo/
# Esports
https://www.reddit.com/r/esports/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/
https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CompetitiveOverwatch/
# Fantasy Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/
https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybaseball/
https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybball/
https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasyhockey/
# Sports Betting
https://www.reddit.com/r/sportsbook/
https://www.reddit.com/r/sportsbetting/
# Extreme Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/skateboarding/
https://www.reddit.com/r/surfing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/climbing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/parkour/
# Bodybuilding & Strength Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/
https://www.reddit.com/r/weightlifting/
https://www.reddit.com/r/powerlifting/
https://www.reddit.com/r/strongman/
# Water Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/sailing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/kayaking/
https://www.reddit.com/r/rowing/
# Equestrian Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/Equestrian/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Horses/
# Recreational Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bowling/
https://www.reddit.com/r/billiards/
https://www.reddit.com/r/darts/
# Traditional Sports
https://www.reddit.com/r/Archery/
https://www.reddit.com/r/fencing/ 
# Random Sports related subreddits
https://www.reddit.com/r/smashbros/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Sneakers/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Sneks/
https://www.reddit.com/r/snowboarding/
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/
https://www.reddit.com/r/soccerstreams/
https://www.reddit.com/r/space/
https://www.reddit.com/r/spacex/
https://www.reddit.com/r/speedrun/
https://www.reddit.com/r/spop/
https://www.reddit.com/r/sports/
https://www.reddit.com/r/sportsarefun/
https://www.reddit.com/r/spotify/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/
https://www.reddit.com/r/starbound/
https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/
https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/
https://www.reddit.com/r/StardewValley/
https://www.reddit.com/r/starterpacks/
https://www.reddit.com/r/StartledCats/
https://www.reddit.com/r/startrek/
https://www.reddit.com/r/startups/
https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/
https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Steam/
https://www.reddit.com/r/steamdeals/
https://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/
https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/
https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/
https://www.reddit.com/r/StoppedWorking/
https://www.reddit.com/r/subaru/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Survival/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SweatyPalms/
https://www.reddit.com/r/swoleacceptance/
https://www.reddit.com/r/swtor/
https://www.reddit.com/r/tall/
https://www.reddit.com/r/tattoos/
https://www.reddit.com/r/thalassophobia/
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheDepthsBelow/
https://www.reddit.com/r/thegrandtour/
https://www.reddit.com/r/theocho/
https://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/
https://www.reddit.com/r/TopGear/
https://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/
https://www.reddit.com/r/travel/
https://www.reddit.com/r/truegaming/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Twitch/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ufc/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Unity3D/
https://www.reddit.com/r/urbanexploration/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Vive/
https://www.reddit.com/r/VolleyballGirls/
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/
https://www.reddit.com/r/weightroom/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/
https://www.reddit.com/r/wiiu/
https://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/
https://www.reddit.com/r/worldcup/
https://www.reddit.com/r/WouldYouRather/
https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/
https://www.reddit.com/r/xxfitness/
https://www.reddit.com/r/yoga/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Yogscast/
https://www.reddit.com/r/100yearsago/
https://www.reddit.com/r/1200isplenty/
https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/
https://www.reddit.com/r/2meirl4meirl/
https://www.reddit.com/r/3amjokes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/3Dprinting/
https://www.reddit.com/r/3DS/
https://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ABraThatFits/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AccidentalComedy/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AccidentalRenaissance/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ActLikeYouBelong/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/
https://www.reddit.com/r/adventuretime/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Advice/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AlienBlue/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Allsvenskan/
https://www.reddit.com/r/alternativeart/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AmazonTopRated/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AmericanHorrorStory/
https://www.reddit.com/r/amiugly/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Anarchism/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/
https://www.reddit.com/r/androidapps/
https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidGaming/
https://www.reddit.com/r/androidthemes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalCrossing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingBros/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingJerks/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalTextGifs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/
https://www.reddit.com/r/anime_irl/
https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ANormalDayInRussia/
https://www.reddit.com/r/answers/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AntiJokes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/
https://www.reddit.com/r/apocalympics2016/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AppHookup/
https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Aquariums/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ArcherFX/
https://www.reddit.com/r/architecture/
https://www.reddit.com/r/arduino/
https://www.reddit.com/r/arresteddevelopment/
https://www.reddit.com/r/arrow/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Art/
https://www.reddit.com/r/AsianBeauty/
https://www.reddit.com/r/business/
https://www.reddit.com/r/BuyItForLife/
https://www.reddit.com/r/C25K/
https://www.reddit.com/r/calvinandhobbes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/camping/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CampingandHiking/
https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/
https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/
https://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CatastrophicFailure/
https://www.reddit.com/r/catpictures/
https://www.reddit.com/r/catpranks/
https://www.reddit.com/r/cats/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CatsStandingUp/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Celebs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CGPGrey/
https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Cheap_Meals/
https://www.reddit.com/r/chemicalreactiongifs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/chemistry/
https://www.reddit.com/r/chess/
https://www.reddit.com/r/chicago/
https://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChildrenFallingOver/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Chromecast/
https://www.reddit.com/r/churning/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Cinemagraphs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/
https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/
https://www.reddit.com/r/civ/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Depression_Help/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DepthHub/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Design/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DesirePath/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Diablo/
https://www.reddit.com/r/diablo3/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DiWHY/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/
https://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Documentaries/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DoesAnybodyElse/
https://www.reddit.com/r/dogecoin/
https://www.reddit.com/r/dogpictures/
https://www.reddit.com/r/dogs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Dogtraining/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/
https://www.reddit.com/r/dragonage/
https://www.reddit.com/r/drawing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/drunk/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DrunkOrAKid/
https://www.reddit.com/r/dubstep/
https://www.reddit.com/r/DunderMifflin/
https://www.reddit.com/r/dwarffortress/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EatCheapAndHealthy/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EmmaWatson/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EmpireDidNothingWrong/
https://www.reddit.com/r/energy/
https://www.reddit.com/r/engineering/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EngineeringStudents/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Enhancement/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/
https://www.reddit.com/r/entertainment/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/
https://www.reddit.com/r/environment/
https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/
https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/
https://www.reddit.com/r/everymanshouldknow/
https://www.reddit.com/r/EverythingScience/
https://www.reddit.com/r/evilbuildings/
https://www.reddit.com/r/excel/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ExpectationVsReality/
https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeIAmA/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ExplainLikeImCalvin/
https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eyebleach/
https://www.reddit.com/r/forhire/
https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/
https://www.reddit.com/r/forwardsfromgrandma/
https://www.reddit.com/r/france/
https://www.reddit.com/r/freebies/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FreeEBOOKS/
https://www.reddit.com/r/FreeGamesOnSteam/
https://www.reddit.com/r/friendsafari/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Frisson/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Frugal/
https://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Fullmoviesonvimeo/
https://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/
https://www.reddit.com/r/funhaus/
https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/
https://www.reddit.com/r/futbol/
https://www.reddit.com/r/futurama/
https://www.reddit.com/r/futurebeats/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GamePhysics/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamernews/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gardening/
https://www.reddit.com/r/geek/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gentlemanboners/
https://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gif/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GifRecipes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/
https://www.reddit.com/r/glitch_art/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensiveTrade/
https://www.reddit.com/r/golf/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GoneMild/
https://www.reddit.com/r/google/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Graffiti/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV/
https://www.reddit.com/r/graphic_design/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GreenDawn/
https://www.reddit.com/r/greentext/
https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gtaonline/
https://www.reddit.com/r/GTAV/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Guitar/
https://www.reddit.com/r/guitarlessons/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Gunners/
https://www.reddit.com/r/guns/
https://www.reddit.com/r/holdmyjuicebox/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Homebrewing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/HomeImprovement/
https://www.reddit.com/r/homelab/
https://www.reddit.com/r/homestead/
https://www.reddit.com/r/horror/
https://www.reddit.com/r/HouseOfCards/
https://www.reddit.com/r/howto/
https://www.reddit.com/r/HowToHack/
https://www.reddit.com/r/howtonotgiveafuck/
https://www.reddit.com/r/HumansBeingBros/
https://www.reddit.com/r/humor/
https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/
https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/
https://www.reddit.com/r/JapaneseGameShows/
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/
https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Jazz/
https://www.reddit.com/r/jesuschristreddit/
https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/
https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Barca/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Gunners/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Boxing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/bikewrench/
# Moto GP
https://www.reddit.com/r/motogp/
https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoGPGaming/
https://www.reddit.com/r/MotorsportsReplays/
https://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/
https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoDANK/
# VALORANT
https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ValorantCompetitive/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Valorant_LFG/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Reds
